feat(mysql): add one command script to migrate on MySQL 8 (#2420)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/mysql/2000-01-01-mysql-8-prerequisites.md

```sql
ALTER TABLE 'foo' ADD COLUMN <column description> PRIMARY KEY;
```

## One Command Script

Bellow you can find a script that can be run directly on the database to:
- create missing primary keys to the tables concerned
- set the engine to InnoDB for the tables concerned

> In fact, the script create two procedures, one for each previous actions.
> 
> As always, we highly recommend to make a backup before executing the script.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 

```suggestion
The following script creates two procedures, one for each previous actions. As always, we highly recommend to make a backup before executing the script.
```

Reviewer: In fact, I prefer Mederic's suggestion on the warning block

```sql
ALTER TABLE 'foo' ADD COLUMN <column description> PRIMARY KEY;
```

## One Command Script

Below you can find a script that can be run directly on the database to:
- create missing primary keys for the concerned tables
- set the engine to InnoDB for the concerned tables

> In fact, the script create two procedures, one for each previous actions.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I don't know if the "In fact" is really necessary here 

```suggestion
The script creates two procedures, one for each previous actions.
```

{% warning %}
  As always, we highly recommend to make a backup before executing the script.
{% endwarning %}

```sql
DELIMITER $$
DROP PROCEDURE IF EXISTS `create_missing_pk`$$

CREATE PROCEDURE `create_missing_pk`()
BEGIN

DECLARE v_finished INTEGER DEFAULT 0;
DECLARE v_table VARCHAR(100) DEFAULT "";
DECLARE stmt VARCHAR(500) DEFAULT "";

-- get the list of tables without PK
DECLARE table_cursor CURSOR FOR
SELECT i.table_name \
  FROM information_schema.tables AS i LEFT JOIN information_schema.key_column_usage AS c ON (\
    i.table_name = c.table_name AND \
    c.constraint_schema = i.table_schema AND \
    c.constraint_name = 'PRIMARY' \
  ) \
  WHERE i.table_schema \
    NOT IN ('information_schema', 'performance_schema', 'sys', 'mysql', 'mysql_innodb_cluster_metadata') AND \
    i.table_type != "VIEW" AND \
    c.constraint_name IS NULL;

DECLARE CONTINUE HANDLER
FOR NOT FOUND SET v_finished = 1;

OPEN table_cursor;

-- loop over all tables without PK
alter_tables: LOOP

    FETCH table_cursor INTO v_table;
    IF v_finished = 1 THEN
    LEAVE alter_tables;
    END IF;

    -- below the alter table which create PKs

>     SET @prepstmt = CONCAT('ALTER TABLE ',v_table,' ADD COLUMN id INT AUTO_INCREMENT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY FIRST;');

Reviewer: **issue:** this column name is too common. for the record, I have a table that have a column named `id` but not primary. This query fails to execute.

```suggestion
    SET @prepstmt = CONCAT('ALTER TABLE ',v_table,' ADD COLUMN generated_pk INT AUTO_INCREMENT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY FIRST;');
```
